**Sam Blackmore**

299 Albert Denault, Verdun, Montreal, QC, H4G 3E8

samblackmore07@gmail.com

samblackmore.github.io

\(514) 808-3272

**EDUCATION**

**2009 – 2015, Newcastle University, UK, MEng Honours Electronic
Engineering with Foundation Year and Industrial Placement**

Degree Classification: First Class (≈ 3.7 GPA)

-   Group Dissertation (MEng) – Programming of a Micromouse capable of
    navigating and mapping a maze with the aim of finding the quickest
    route to the centre. A real-time software simulation was written to
    test maze-solving algorithms. A PIC microcontroller was used to
    control the mouse.

-   Individual Dissertation (BEng) – Design and construction of an
    autonomous tomato-picking robot. The BeagleBone Linux computer was
    used to acquire and analyse images from a webcam. Red objects were
    located and driven towards for picking.

**WORK EXPERIENCE**

**February 2016 – Present, Intel Security, Montreal, Canada**

-   Android Team, September 2016 to present:

    -   Defined a multi-container Docker application for Android testing.

    -   Each container runs its own app or service, such as a redis database for storing results, a Python Flask app that listens to GitHub webhooks and triggers tests when a pull request is made, a Python Celery app that runs asychronous tasks on a pool of workers, a scheduling service that runs Celery jobs based on a crontab, and an nginx server for serving the webpages generated by Gradle when running unit tests.

    -   Wrote shell scripts to automate setup once inside the container, including setting the backend through host files, installing certificates, and installing APKs.

    -   With the Docker setup complete, I will now be focusing on writing instrumentation tests for the True Key Android app using the Espresso test framework by Google.

-   CI & Tooling Team, July to September 2016:

    -   Developed a single page application for monitoring QA metrics such as defects opened vs. closed, backlog trend, number of new builds required during phases of sprint etc.

    -   Server written in Python Flask with schedulable tasks that collect data from APIs of internal tools. Front-end interface and data visualisation in JavaScript using HighCharts. Designed various views and panels using Bootstrap components with a templating engine.

-   Desktop Team, February to July 2016:

    -   Tested reliability and functionality of password management software. Responsibilities included writing test plans to validate new features based on design documents, black-box and white-box testing, regression testing, and writing up and tracking bugs.


**September 2015 – January 2016, Freelance, Montreal, Canada**

*3 Words*

-   Social app where players take it in turns to add 3 words at a time
    to a communal story. Android application written natively in Java.
    Server-side PHP handles queries to the MySQL database which stores
    tables of users and posted content.

-   *https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sam.story*

*Get to the Bottom!*

-   Minimalist puzzle game with emphasis on lightweight,
    responsive design. Graphics drawn natively at any screen size or
    aspect ratio. Challenges are encoded as strings allowing them to be
    loaded in a single game room behind transitional animations.

-   *https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sam.bottom*

**August 2014 – November 2014, Imagination Technologies Ltd., Kings
Langley, UK**

-   Product Test Engineer in the Design Assurance Group (DAG) of the
    Pure division. Tested the power consumption, acoustics, connectivity
    and thermal tolerances of speakers and digital radios.

-   Tested new software builds. Logged and tracked software bugs and
    hardware defects using JIRA.

-   Research and written report on Service Following feature of
    DAB radio.

**July 2013 – August 2014, Intel Corporation (UK) Ltd., Swindon, UK**

-   Engineering Intern working for the Platform Technologies Enabling
    Group (PTEG)

-   2014 – Part of the Retail Road Show, training and influencing
    retailers and OEMs across EMEA. Events included London, Milan,
    Madrid, Warsaw and Tel Aviv.

-   2013 – Work on the Intel-sponsored Scott Expedition, designing and
    testing hardware and software that the explorers took with them
    to Antarctica.

-   Supporting consumer and business events, talking to the press and
    public about Intel technology. Helping retailers train their staff
    to sell the benefits of Intel processors. Organising on-site events
    promoting science and technology to students.

**SKILLS**

-   Docker, Python, Flask, JavaScript, Node, Express, Jade, Linux, shell
    scripting, Git, GitHub, HTML, CSS, data visualization, Java, Ruby,
    Ruby on Rails, C, C++, Assembly, VBA

-   Native English speaker, conversational French, basic German and
    Spanish

**ACHIEVEMENTS**

**Game Development**

-   Interactive Yogsperience – PC game based on a popular podcast. To
    date, the game has been downloaded over 20,000 times.

**Music**

-   Music that I’ve created and released online has been listened to
    over ½ million times.

**Awarded the School of Electrical, Electronic and Computer Engineering
Chairman’s Prize 2009/10**

-   For achieving some of the highest results in the Foundation Year

**REFERENCES**

Intel manager:

Benoit Durel

Intel Security

4200 Boulevard St Laurent

Montreal

(+1) 514 967-0138

benoit.durel@intel.com

Personal tutor:

Dr Jonathan Goss

Merz Court

University of Newcastle

UK

(+44) 191 222 7425

jonathan.goss@ncl.ac.uk
